lecture 3:
In last lecture the linear separation was discussed and how to label an input with it.
But there was no means of how good this label is. So in this lectures loss
functions were introduced. With this lostfunction, you compare the outputet label
to the given label for all training examples and average over it. A common lostfunction
are that ov the multiclass SVM. Where you measure the loss as the sum of max(0, si-sj+1), Where
si is the f(xi).The sum is over all, but the correct class.
This expression has two conditional statements in it: the case
where sj>si+1, sj is the value of the correct class, so the correct case is the
highest value of all by a margin 1. And the other case where some other is bigger.

1) Wher does the 1 come from? Specific value doesnt matter, but why?

To Apply the Orccams Razor, where we always should choose the easiest model that
explains the data, a regularization term can be added to the lost function, with
L1 or L2 regulations or maybe more complex. L1 is the abs(W) and L2 the W² measure.
L1 usually leads to a more sparse representation. L2 punishes really high weights
even more. It also gets rid of ambigious solutions.

Next the softmax Loss was introduced. Therefore the exp is applied to each si,
so each value gets positive. Then it gets normalized. This leads to P(y=k|X=xi).

1) Think about why?
-> If we interpret the f(xi) as unormalized log probabilities, then applying the
exp and normalizing gives the proboablity. So it's calculating the maxLikelihood.
With the regularization it can be made to MAP
    1) why?
-> view from information theory: the cross-entropy is -sum(P(x)*log(q(x))) over all x,
where P(x) is the real distribution and q(x) the estimated. Since we assume all weight
on one label y, P(x)=[0 ... 1 ...0] and it becomes the softmax.

To max the log likelikhood then, we need to min -log(P(y|x)). The calculation of
the exp divided by others can lead to numerical instabilities, since all the values
can be really big. To overcome this, the fraction can be multiplied by C which
can be put in the exp.

Difference between SVM and Softmax: Softmax can be interpreted as confidence (appears
like propabilty, but changing lambda changes the probs, so more confidence). In
the same sense the values of SVM are more for ordering, since they can be easily
scaled. Another difference is, that SVM is satisfied as soon as right class has
highest score, softmax always tries to improve. This can make the SVM make care less
about different classes that he already classified correctly and more focus on the
non correct classified. 

Backpropagation was intorduced, with gradient analytically calculaet, but checked
with numerical solution. And also SGD that uses mini batches, which is way more
efficient.

Image Preproccessing: subtrating the mean of each feature (in this cas pixel) and
then normalize to -1 1.

1) Why?
